Example 1 : Interaction with pytorch (#77)
aperture-data/aperturedb-python: examples/README.md

# Code examples with aperturedb.

Following are the table of contents for this folder.The instructions to run these scripts are provided alongwith.

A part of Coco validation dataset can be downloaded as follows. This is a prerequisite for running some of the scripts below.

Can be done with the following command.

```
mkdir coco && cd coco && wget http://images.cocodataset.org/zips/val2017.zip && unzip val2017.zip && wget http://images.cocodataset.org/annotations/annotations_trainval2017.zip && unzip annotations_trainval2017.zip
```

| File | Description | instructions |
| -----| ------------| -----|
| AlexNetClassifier.py | Helper code to transorm images before using pretrained alexnet model to classify them | Is not invoked directly |
| imagenet_classes.txt | The class labels for the outputs from alexnet | used by pytorch_classification.py |

> | prepare_aperturedb.py | Helper to download images from coco datas set, and load them into aperturedb | ``python prepare_aperturedb.py -images_count 100`` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| prepare_aperturedb.py | Helper to download images from coco dataset, and load them into aperturedb | ``python prepare_aperturedb.py -images_count 100`` |
```

# Code examples with aperturedb.

> Following are the table of contents for this folder.The instructions to run these scripts are provided alongwith.

Author: We'll need to run all the files through this check, as even README.md in the parent folder has some lines that exceed 80. Do we want to enforce this in code too ?

> A part of Coco validation dataset can be downloaded as follows. This is a prerequisite for running some of the scripts below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A part of Coco validation dataset can be downloaded as follows. 
This is a prerequisite for running some of the scripts below.
```
